[MUSIC]
Hello and welcome to another episode of Little Fish.
My name's Andrew Hunter Murray.
I'm here with James Harkin and Dan Trimer.
What the hell was that?
I don't know if that would be picked up on the mics.
James was just slapping his cheeks.
That's what it was. I wasn't looking.
My face cheeks for those at home.
Yeah, absolutely.
And welcome to the show.
You've had your fireworks right at the top.
Now let's get into some facts.
If that becomes our theme tune,
then I might have problems because it still hurts a little bit.
We'll do it next time.
On my face.
So you've been sending in all your facts.
You've been sending them to podcast@QI.com.
We've been sifting through them.
Winnowing, filtering.
And we've got some absolute crackers for you.
So let's get cracking.
Who's got a fact?
I got a fact here.
This is from Stefan Grins.
My fact is, in Japan,
baseball players get scouted based on blood type.
Yeah.
So this is, I'm reading Stefan's email here.
This is based on blood type personality theory,
which states that your blood type determines your personality traits.
It's like that version of horoscopes.
Exactly that.
Yeah.
And it appears in so many different places.
So Stefan says, as a result,
it is common to take blood type into account when hiring people
or indeed scouting athletes and baseball is very popular in Japan.
But you'll also notice it.
And it's something I never did.
But now that I look on the images that I've googled,
it's definitely in the English versions
on things like Street Fighter.
So when you're picking your character,
like Chun Li or Embeison or whoever,
they tell their blood type as well.
So that you get an idea of what their personality traits are.
Well, you're a Chun Li guy.
Yeah, Chun Li or are you blankers?
Blankers, right?
Chun Li is pretty cool as well.
It's like you're all speaking another language.
I've no idea what's going on.
I mean, partly while speaking another language,
because these are all names from overseas.
Yeah.
Well, she's blood type A,
just for you to know.
That's good to know.
Yeah.
And so this became massive.
Because you know what, blood colors?
He has green blood.
Yeah, I'm not sure.
I didn't look him up.
I know Embeison, I think, is blood type A as well.
Okay.
And it's not that the rare of the blood type,
the better the baseball player will be.
I'm not sure.
I mean, there's a whole theory about it.
It's like there were a series of books
that were written in the '70s by a man called Masahiko Nomi.
And he wrote this book called Blood Type Humanics.
And it's such a big thing in Japan
that not only does it determine things like on dates.
You would talk about your blood type to see if you're compatible.
But also, there's a phrase in Japan,
which is Bura Hara, which is blood harassment.
And you can get bullied at work for your blood type.
And so that's what gets called.
I'm getting Bura Hassler.
People are being very negative.
Yeah.
Oh, negative.
Yes.
Brilliant.
If I just say it off through joke,
I think I can carry the room with me.
I think in other jobs, actually, as well.
Like I remember reading that you go for a job interview
and you have to put your blood type on.
And I think like all these things,
I'm always a little bit wary
because I'm not from Japan.
And I don't know how prevalent these things are.
And obviously there's only so many blood groups.
And it can't be that if you're really going to baseball,
but you have the wrong blood type,
they won't get you exactly.
That makes sense.
And also, I think there's a real out from Nommie
who wrote these books, which is that he says
that your blood type only accounts for a quarter
of your human personality.
Oh, well, there he is.
The rest comes from nurture.
And so it's, yeah, that's a nice out to sort of say.
Well, of course, it's not going to be right, yeah.
You're a B negative, but you can hit baseballs very far.
Yep.
So we'll have you on the team because it's like 75% good.
Here is another sporting one kind of.
This is from Matt Burke.
And it's a brilliant fact.
It is that the world record for the longest darts bullseye,
eight meters is about a tenth as long as the longest throw
of a cowpat, which is 81.1 meters.
There's someone out there who can throw a cowpat, 80 meters.
81.1 meters, yeah.
That's incredible.
Steve Erner, no less.
Steve Erner.
Cowpats are flattish on the bottom.
If you're picking up a branch.
Absolutely hit the nail on the absolute head
of the importance of shape in cowpat.
Yeah, because you can crispy it, right?
Brilliant. So good.
And that's the most excited I've ever seen.
I didn't drink too much, and I got scared.
When he started, I was like, oh no, we've done something wrong, we're in trouble.
I think he did something to his head when he did that slidey thing at the beginning.
This 81.1 is under the non-sphiricalisation
and 100% organic rule, which was established in 1970.
So you have two different records.
One of which is where the pat is molded into a spherical shape
and one where it's done as a flat chair.
Okay, so wait, the one that was thrown this far
was molded into a spherical shape?
No, it was flat like a frisbee.
Like a frisbee? Like a discus.
Okay, oh, sorry, spherical.
I was thinking round meant spherical.
No, got it.
Presumably, if you fashioned your cowpat into a javelin,
in much the same way that that guy made his own poo knife,
you could throw it even further.
Yeah, so you'd have to freeze it.
Oh, you'd have to freeze it.
Is that on the rules?
Well, you've hit the nail right on the head yet again.
No, it's not in the rules.
No one's thought of freezing the cowpats yet.
I think that's a forceberry flop moment waiting to happen.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, could be.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Here's the fact.
From Dave Shaw, the only UK number one
that doesn't contain its own title in the lyrics is...
What?
Must be loads.
Dave says not.
I think there have been some without any lyrics at all.
They have, they have been some which haven't got any lyrics at all.
Can we try guess it if you give us a name of the band or is it?
Oh, yeah, if I give you the name of the band, you'll absolutely get it.
Is it living in a box by living in a box?
No, it's not.
Because they do say living in a box quite often in that song.
Oh, I'm going to do that.
No, no, no, no, no limits by two and limited.
What's the name of that?
I do say that in that song.
Please say that in that song.
Is it dupe by dupe?
Oh, no, they do say that in there as well.
Shall I tell you?
Give us a clue.
And era.
There's 70s.
I think.
Bohemian Rhapsody.
Oh, he's got it.
Yeah, that's it.
Oh, that's it, is it?
Yeah.
Wow, that was like someone throwing a cow patch and hitting a bullseye 80 meters away.
Yeah, the--
OK, so Dave says, this is what makes the fact amazing.
There's a plot twist halfway through this fact, which I love.
The only UK number one that doesn't contain its own title in the lyrics is Queen's Bohemian
Rhapsody.
It does, however, include the title of the song that succeeded it.
Oh, yeah, it does.
Which is?
Mama.
Mama Mia.
How weird is that?
Yeah.
There's a theory that it's the only one that does that, but actually there's loads, and I found
loads of them.
But I can't remember any of them.
That contains the following.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What?
It's like a clue.
But then most, they're all like songs with like one word in the title, like yes, or...
Oh.
Oh, cool.
Yeah, exactly.
Oh, OK, Dave, you've been hawking, I'm afraid.
I wish I could remember all of them.
But yeah.
It was worth it to get there, though.
Yes.
Wonderful.
Classic by that one, I would say.
Hmm.
That's a devastating day.
That's it.
You don't.
I've been in meetings before where James has said, ah, yes.
This is a classic.
Oh, no, that's not...
That's actually not what we're going for on QI.
All right, let's have another thing.
This was sent in by Python Boy, boy, as in BOI, and it is in the movie adaption of the
Goosebumps series, Jack Black plays the author, while the author plays Jack Black.
Nice.
This is very subtle.
I would argue that it's not entirely true.
It's going to get us shripering arguably.
OK.
At the near end of the movie, I don't want to give away too much, but you don't want to spoil
the Goosebumps movie, Dave.
Exactly.
Which I have seen 13 or 14 times.
Jack Black is...
Have you seen it since your kids were born?
No, actually.
They're not into it.
Real bomber in my house.
So Jack Black is playing RL Stein, and he's walking in a school hall, and RL Stein comes
into shot and the real RL Stein, and he's acknowledged as Mr. Black.
Now, OK, he's got the surname.
We hear Mr., we don't hear the name Jack Black.
But also Jack Black is...
Jack Black.
He's an international Steve.
He's an actor.
So, yes, it's a lovely little swapping of surnames, but...
But RL Stein's character is not necessarily the Jack Black that we know.
Exactly.
So he's not playing him.
But, yeah, it's a nice little nod.
And it just reminded me how much I love RL Stein, so I was quite excited to see this fact.
He's sold more than Stephen King in terms of books, so he's sold over 400 million books worldwide.
That's a pretty astonishing amount.
That's like one for every chest set that you can...
Well, I'll send this to the boffins@fun.com and see if they agree with this number.
We'll have to wait on that.
I mean, they are great books.
They're very good.
He pumped them out very, very quickly.
And they're short.
The small books, so I can imagine they'd be more than...
For kids, yeah.
They were great.
But there's not much goes into Stephen King's ones in fairness, so...
Oh, wow.
Just try to sell some beef with...
Yeah, no, the King community.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But this has got a cool little fact.
I believe we have mentioned this in the past, but before he was writing goosebumps, he was a writer, generally, and he had to take on paid gigs.
And one of the books that he wrote was the novelization of Space Balls.
So the movie with Mel Brooks, which was the Star Wars parody.
Now, one of the conditions of Star Wars and George Lucas was that you can do the movie as a parody, but you can't do any merch.
And this was the only thing that was let through his merch.
And so he wrote it under the name Joviel Bob Stein.
And he can get copies online for on eBay and so on.
As I have.
For a few hundred pounds, I guess.
Only a few hundred, which is really a deal, actually, vanilla.
And yeah, so, yeah, that's the fact.
Really good thing.
Okay, here's another pop culturey one.
Yep.
This is from Brenton Innis from Perth, Western Australia.
And Brenton says that while many people named Tony have won a Tony, only one person named Oscar has won an Oscar.
And actually, I can't remember who that is.
Is it Oscar?
Homestied, maybe I think.
But I forgot to write that down.
But anyway, that's not the important part of his fact.
The important part is that in 2022, a granny won a Grammy.
A Grammy won a Grammy.
A Grammy.
Like Grandmother.
You might say Grammy.
Yeah, yeah.
The age of 95 when singer Angela Alvarez became the oldest winner of a Latin Grammy award.
Beautiful.
She sounds like she might be a Latin Grammy as well.
She does.
But I actually found another Grammy who won a Grammy.
Have you ever heard of the guitar style called Cotton Picking?
Maybe.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's like, I guess, it's kind of American.
Bluegrossy?
Yeah.
Well, I'm not quite the one that I'm talking about, because this is named after someone called Elizabeth Cotton.
Beautiful.
I didn't see that coming from a clear blue sky.
That was in a sassin shot.
Wow.
I feel like that could be a new thing for these things that are named after people or whatever.
Yeah.
Is that we try to slip them in without each other noticing?
Yeah, absolutely.
That's really good.
Elizabeth Cotton, she won for her album, Elizabeth Cotton Live at the age of 90 in 1984.
And actually in 1967, she released a record created with her grandchildren and with one great grandchild as well, who was in that album.
And she was a self-taught, left-handed guitarist who played a guitar upside down.
Amazing.
I mean, so, and that was her style was really unusual because she played it upside down.
And that was why it was known as Cotton Picking.
Brilliant.
Great Grammy.
Yeah.
I mean, from an Emmy, has everyone an Emmy.
Oh, very good question.
We need to check out.
Yeah.
I'm just going to name my next good BAFTA.
It was crossed.
I'm going to change my name to Chartel and one.
Here's another fact.
This one comes from Alex Thorpe.
Thank you, Alex.
And it's that you should hire Novak Djokovic to build your flat pack furniture and Raphael Nadal to disassemble it.
Okay.
There is a reason for this.
I can have a guess.
I've got a guess as well.
Okay.
We should say something funny then.
That's not how we both know the answer.
You.
It's just a guess.
Go on.
What's your guess then?
Should we say at the same time?
Yeah.
Start with Nadal.
Nadal is left-handed.
Left-handed.
Okay.
Screw you guys.
You're not allowed to go into my nose before we do the show.
And gazunt me like that.
Nadal is left-handed.
Basically.
At Chokovic is Serbian.
So when you're tightening a screw, you're, you guys are right-handed, aren't you?
Yes.
When you tighten a screw with a screwdriver in your right hand, you're using a muscle called the supinator.
Cool.
Which is, which is much stronger than the pronator, which is used to unscrew.
Now, if you're using your left hand and a screwdriver, it's the opposite way around, right?
Like someone else is making the wardrobe.
That's right.
If you're left-handed and you're tightening a screw, then you're using your pronator and you're not quite as good as it.
And if you're using your, but if you're using a left hand and you're unscrewing, then you're using the other muscle.
So that's why it works out.
So I'm left-handed.
This is why I don't enjoy putting together flat-pack furniture, but I do love taking it apart.
I like unscrewing things more.
It feels like a more natural action to me than screwing things up with my left hand.
Weird.
And I'd never considered that before.
Yeah.
So I love that fact.
You never heard that.
That's wonderful.
And that's a supinator.
Supinator.
That's it.
Yeah.
And then give us one more.
Okay.
Honestly, I'm not hosting.
Andy, do what James says.
Okay.
Well, this is from Joe Bartlett, who says that Quantis once spent $100 million to repair a crashed plane purely for his life.
I mean, purely for PR reasons.
Interestingly, I thought that they'd never had a crash quantis.
Well, there we go.
They'll advertise that.
There we go.
Hello.
You've hit the nail on the head.
This is because in September 1999, Quantis flight one.
It's really frightening.
But anyone does it.
I'm just going to say.
Boeing 747, flying from London to Sydney via Bangkok, overran the runway into a bog
and it crashed into a radio antenna as it went.
There were no serious injuries or fatalities, but the plane was a ride off.
At least it would have been for most other, or indeed any other airline.
Quantis, however, has an excellent safety record with zero hull loss.
So they've had accidents, but they've never lost a hull.
And they decided they wanted to make sure that that record stood.
You know what?
Like, just to say, in my head, they've never had a crash.
I didn't realize they had a little asterisk.
They're saying, oh, yeah, we have, but just not the hull.
Yeah, how the hull loss is a much less enticing offer.
In fact, it makes me think about all the other things that are not the hull on a plane.
Yeah.
I'll have a ticket in the hull, please.
That'll be an extra $129.
What?
So they decided they were going to repair it, no matter what the cost.
And in the end, the total repairs were estimated at 100 million.
The exact figure was never disclosed.
However, that is more than the value of the aircraft at the time, but it was worth it
for the reputational value of maintaining the flawless safety record.
I feel like that's a handyman arriving at the runway with knowledge
that he's got the way panel over these people, saying, I can trust these people, whatever I like.
Yes.
You know how, when a handyman comes over, sometimes they'll look at you.
So I say, yeah, this added at a zero.
No.
They'll be like, this guy's left handed.
He cannot make flat-packed furniture.
I can't judge what I like.
Okay, we've got time for one more.
Yeah, why not?
Okay, this one is from Seth from Limerick.
And Seth said, the ones was a man called Seth.
No, he didn't.
That's silly.
Seth said, all golfers wear one glove.
Why?
No idea.
However, Lucas Glover, winner of the 2009 US Open, does not wear a glove.
Crazy.
Really?
Yeah, I knew this, in fact, has a golf fan.
He doesn't wear a glove, yeah.
Does he get very sore hands?
Well, why do they wear the gloves?
There's a few different reasons.
One, it definitely can help you not get blisters for sure.
Okay.
But if you're used to it, then your hand will get enough calluses or whatever that you're not going to get blisters.
So it should be fine for everyone.
And also, the early gloves would develop because the gloves would have like quite rough leather grips.
And also, if it rains, you couldn't really get a grip on them.
But these days, they're made of synthetic materials, very grippy.
They're not going to do you any harm.
So actually, it's no real big deal for Lucas Glover not to wear gloves.
Okay.
If you fashioned your cow pat into 100 golf balls, I reckon you could get them to go even further.
Then 81 yards.
Are they frozen?
Yeah, they're frozen.
They'd shatter as they got hit, I imagine.
Who cares?
People measuring?
As you're hitting.
Sorry.
Yeah, that's a problem.
Which are the fragments of my gunna measure?
Who cares?
You're a problem.
No, man.
I mean, we're at the cow pat Olympics here.
No one's getting out of the cow pat Olympics and going up to the real Olympics, okay?
You're stuck here.
You're not impressing anyone with your all-wish fragment, should I measure?
I'm a lucky.
Yes, so there is a player Aaron Rae who wears two gloves.
Was it Aaron Rae?
Aaron Rae, yeah.
On the same hand?
Or...
He was one of each hand.
And the reason is he's English and he played in English conditions as a child, which means
you need to keep your hands warm.
And so he would always wear two gloves and he's kind of kept it going.
But yeah, I've always wondered about the glove thing.
Yeah.
But just one.
Normally, it's just...
Normally, just one.
It started with a guy called Sam's knead in the 19, when was that?
Probably in the 1930s.
And he did it and he was one of the best or was the best of his era.
And then everyone started doing it.
And now, I think because I play golf a lot and I always have done it.
I've always wore a glove.
If you don't wear one, it just feels weird.
What, I thought you were gripping the shelf with both hands.
It was your work.
Come on.
You grow up.
You're like...
I'm going to show you on this ruler.
Yeah.
I hold it.
I hold it like that.
Right.
My palm is holding.
The left palm is holding it.
And the right is more just...
It's going to do.
I see.
Anyway.
Tune in next week for our second lesson of how to play golf.
With James and Andy.
It's going bloody slowly.
Yeah.
Oh, Mike Jefferson.
All right.
Well, that is enough of your facts.
Thank you so much for them.
If you'd like to send them in and see them get a harkening or a stri-bring.
Maybe they'll be a murrying out there one day.
It's possible.
Just email them in to podcast@ky.com.
We love getting them.
I read every single one.
They're always so much fun to get.
Please do send them in.
But now it's time for some fact custodian ships.
Because if you join Club Fish and you join at the highest tier of friend of the podcast,
then we will dedicate one of our facts to you.
And what's more, we'll give you a shout out on an episode of Little Fish.
So it's time to do some of that now.
Who has got a fact that they'd like to dish out?
I have one.
This was ours.
And it is now under the custodian ship of Mark.
Mark, your fact now is that in a very particular time and place in history,
you could avoid castration by shouting, "Soho!"
What an interesting one.
The jail-free card.
What is it all about?
I know that the word "soho" was used as a hunting cry.
This was your fact.
I know it was.
I'm trying to go through the roller decks of my brain to work out exactly what it was.
This is a shanty law.
Oh, okay.
We're in West Africa.
In Africa, yeah.
I think modern-day Ghana, I think.
I buy that, yeah.
And if you saw a member of the King's Harim naked, you would be castrated.
Oh, dear.
So you had to shout "soho" before going into a room and that would give everyone time to get dressed.
So it's a preventative.
If you've already seen the naked, that's it.
You're getting castrated, I'm afraid.
But if you shout "soho" before you go in, you're all right.
That's really interesting.
I suppose you could kind of shout anything like, "I'm coming in."
Yeah, true.
Yeah, yeah.
But there must be a rule for this.
I honestly have literally no memory of this.
It's wild.
Whereas I do remember the next fact it was about to be dished out if you're doing it, Dan.
Yeah, sure.
This is now under the custodianship of Andrew Shakespeare, which is Matthew Ricard.
The man labeled as the happiest man in the world is unhappy that people call him that.
Yeah.
He won the award.
I think it was sort of pressed onto him by scientists who studied him.
And he's not in the game for that kind of thing.
So I think it led to a lot of interview requests.
And he thought there were more important things to talk about.
And he's written some books.
And he's a name that still pops up occasionally in the news.
Still happy?
Still happy.
That's pretty good.
Yeah.
I don't think he's defending the title, I think.
You probably also don't graduate from the Calpata Olympics to the happier Olympics.
No, no way.
No way.
Here's another one.
This goes out to Spoolty.
Spoolty.
Maybe a pseudonym.
Your fact.
Now, and forever, is that the route for the Hong Kong ultra marathon is to run up and down the same stretch of road 25 times.
Yes.
I reckon that's so whole theater show.
Maybe that one.
I don't know, might be wrong.
Yeah.
This was a really fun fact.
It's just, it's basically about the shape of Hong Kong, isn't it?
And the land that they've got available to.
Yes.
To do marathon's on down, you're from Hong Kong.
I am.
What road was it to?
Do you happen to know?
I think it was the main road from Hong Kong.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Right.
Is there a sea front bit?
There is.
There is many.
Yeah.
It might be up and down the front.
It's an island.
Hong Kong island.
Could be all the way around.
Yeah.
25 times.
Yes.
No, it's up and down.
It's up and down specifically you have to do.
I haven't feeling it was like a promenade or something.
I think it is.
Yeah.
There you go.
Okay.
The next fact is now under the custodianship of Lisa go bowl.
Lisa, your fact is that the meter is wrong.
That's an artifact.
She's just being contrary, I think.
She said that the man who first made it called Meshan.
Later realized it was 0.16 millimeters inaccurate.
But everyone said they finished it and couldn't change it now.
I think this is the original piece of metal I think that they used to standardize the meter.
And if memory serves, it was 140,000th of the circumference of the earth or something.
Oh, you're so close.
It was one ten millionth of the distance from the equator to the north pole.
Oh.
Okay.
I was nowhere near.
Well, but you were right.
You were right.
It was one fraction of a set distance.
Yeah.
I was thinking about it.
I was going off.
I was totally miles off.
No, but you got the principle.
Yeah.
But it was wrong anyway.
So that's why we're going back to yards on this podcast.
Yards and feet, which have never let us down.
But I think now they don't even use the physical meter anymore.
They not use like the vibrations of some atom or other or like the plant plant.
It's a different method like that.
It's an anti-buffin, but I don't mind it.
Let's have another one.
This is for Jamina.
And your fact is St Andrews Aquarium has three mere cats called Churchill Admiral and Sheila's wheels.
Jamina, I hope you're listening somewhere that this cultural reference makes any sense to you.
Because you may well be overseas and Churchill Admiral and Sheila's wheels might not be a thing where you were.
You know what?
Is this my fact?
I think it is, isn't it?
I got this fact when I went to St Andrews Aquarium.
And last week I went again.
No.
Did you go to the mere cat enclosure?
I didn't even remember seeing it.
I was with friends.
I was only there for not very long.
But yeah, I went there and found that out.
Imagine the mere cats are going, oh my god, he's here.
He's back.
He doesn't remember us.
Yeah, they also had a Viva and Direct line.
But they both died.
It's true.
How long have a mere cats live?
I think maybe all of these mere cats might not long be with us.
Yeah, I imagine.
Probably like an insurance pay out there when they died.
That's very nice.
Because these are insurance firms for international listeners.
But Jamina.
Anyway, lovely facts.
Sheila's wheels was there.
It doesn't exist anymore to say it.
I just want to say it.
I don't know.
I've seen that births fruit for a while.
I was with Sheila's wheels until quite recently.
You had to be a woman.
Yes.
That was the whole point of them.
Yes, that's why I was kicked out.
It was a very unpleasant, upsetting meeting.
I don't want to talk about it.
But that was the thing, wasn't it?
Wasn't it?
Yeah.
That's God.
Was it real, I don't think?
It was.
That's literally the whole point.
And there's a big argument about it.
Because it's like the reason it was cheaper because women crashed their cars less.
All right.
So, like, if any man got an insurance with them, probably that would be a fraudulent insurance.
Yeah, I'm fighting it now.
I've committed insurance.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let's have it up just before I turn myself in.
Can we have a few more facts?
This next one goes out to Halter.
And it's that.
It's a Danfekt.
It's that the only ancient Egyptian socks that we know of belonged to Tutankhamun.
The only ancient Egyptian socks.
Which means I think I added on the night he was a socks and sandals guy.
Of course.
Yes.
And I remember.
So that was so hothier that we did the show.
I remember that now specifically.
Yeah, interesting.
So maybe some of the older socks.
There were so many weird things in his tomb that seemed out of place.
Yeah.
To what your idea of Ancient Egypt was.
I feel like there was trumpets and yo-yos and all kind of stuff.
Probably not yo-yos, but.
And a 90-degree erection on Tutankhamun.
Okay.
That's one of the facts we said on the night.
He was buried with a 90-degree erection.
What was he using the socks for?
Lovely.
Lovely stuff.
This sock is a little bit stiff.
Oh, that's probably because it's so old.
Let's have a couple more.
Okay.
Here's one.
This fact is now under the custodian ship of stefan locale.
And stefan that your fact is.
Oh, I feel like I should let Dan do this one.
Finish budget meatballs.
Have so little meat in them that they had to be renamed balls.
So the reason I wanted you to do that is because you used to do that in our live show, right?
Yeah.
It's one of my favourite facts.
I remember when you told it to me, Andy, I just made the world a better place to live in.
It's not if you lived in Finland.
No, because you're eating balls.
Balls for dinner?
Balls for dinner.
That became a kind of behind-the-scenes catchphrase.
Like catchphrase.
Yeah.
Very funny.
It was too.
Shave me up every time I heard it.
Funny.
It's weird.
You met the queen that time.
I'm like, "Then do you catchphrase?"
Balls within a month?
And President Bonanno was the other one on stage.
There used to be when we were explaining the kind of facts that the audience were in for
if they didn't know who we were.
That was one of the ones that I always used.
Yeah.
Congratulations to Stefan Geloke.
I wonder if it's still the case that you get...
So you go to supermarket and it's just a can of balls that you buy.
Go to your supermarket if you're in Finland.
Yes, please.
Take a photo of your balls and send them to podcast@QI.com.
I'll need something to look through while I'm on-romand for Karin Short's fraud.
That's a one more fact.
You've generously gave that one over to Dan.
You did the last one.
Okay, so this is under the custodianship of Graham Wallace.
And it is the fact that a friend of Queen Victoria's once had to apologise to her after her pet Jaguar killed three of the Queen's pet dear.
Wonderful.
Amazing fact.
Yeah.
Do we know who it was, Andy?
Yes, this was Lady Florence Dixie.
Oh.
Who was the 19th century adventurous?
This is one of Anna's facts.
Anna's about Lady Florence and she owned a Jaguar and apparently it was pretty lax with it on the leash.
Gosh.
I know.
You don't get many Jaguars in the UK normally, they're from Americas.
Yes.
They sound dangerous.
Like I know.
In the wild.
Yes.
I imagine they absolutely are.
But can you tame one?
If you're putting a muzzle over that, what's happening?
Well, I read like just literally yesterday or the day before, I read an article about a dentist of a Jaguar who managed to give them an aesthetic, but it was a voluntary anesthetic.
So rather than blowing a doubt at the Jaguar, the cats sort of came up to them and said, okay, can I have my anesthetic please?
Wow.
And I could put a normal syringe into them.
That's crazy.
Because they could train them and it's like, this is the first time it's ever been done.
Wow.
It's really unusual.
Because you would think like a cat can't be tamed really.
Yeah.
Like my cat can't be tamed.
But maybe the bigger the cat, the more timable.
Maybe.
It's what to try.
That's got the biggest, the wild cats.
Yeah.
Like tigers I suppose are really easily.
Like a he-man.
That was a very tamed beast.
Not really with that.
Okay.
That's just for the two other people who remember that show.
Battle cat.
Oh.
That's just made sense of an old improv show I used to know called battle acts.
Oh no, hang on that.
That'll be battle acts.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's me.
Right.
Thanks to all our new fact custodians for today.
That's Graham, Stefan, Holzer, Jamina, Lisa, Sputie, Andrew and Mark.
We hope you enjoy your facts.
And we hope all of you listening have enjoyed this episode of Little Fish.
We'll be back in a week with another one.
We'll be back in several days with another big fish.
And if you're a member of Club Fish, we might be throwing you a drop us a line
before too long.
Our special audience feedback show.
Everything for drop us a line.
And all the facts for Little Fish have come from the fish in box.
The thin box.
The email for that.
Please write in is podcast at cui.com.
Until we see you again.
It's goodbye from Dan and James.
Bye Andy.
Yeah, see you Andy.
And it's goodbye from me.
Bye now.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
(upbeat music)
[BLANK_AUDIO]